hello how about thank you for your time today
day we are preparing a delicious
bourbon chicken that is delicious if
I like to invite you to come with me
prepare this delicious good well here already
we have all the ingredients
organized as they are going to find the
quantities of the ingredients in the
box of video descriptions
but here we will still name them
we put a frying pan or pan to heat
medium high fire and we already have the chicken
cut that they are is a kilo or two pounds
of chicken breast can use
also leg and thigh boned if so
He prefers
here we put a little salt
nothing more to give to give it a bit of
taste and good since our pan
Bozate is enough
hot because we're going to seal it from the
two sides the chicken first is that not
we are in the pan this two
hot enough
let's go here we have 3 tablespoons
of olive oil we are going to put more
or less than half of that first because
let's use a little more after
since we see that the oil is hot
let's put the chicken and we're going to
go up from medium high to high so that
we lower the chicken latency in a minute
a minute and a half we already sealed it from
down as you can see
to mount arno you can realize
and it 's how we want it to be clear from
down and now we're going to turn it like that
high fire and it's going to be the same now
ready already on the other side also now what
let's take out the pan and
let's take the chicken out of the pan for
do the rest and we already take them out as
you can see it was already sealed now
We put it back on fire already
low medium here is all the
caramelization right now that's why
we needed to seal it first to
get the flavor but do not take your
game so that it is not too hard
chicken that's why we take it out now let's
put the rest of the oil that was left
we hope that hot in a little
and let's sauté the chopped onion
it's a soup spoon of onion
chopped white
let's fry a little in the same way
let's put 2 cloves of garlic here the
we have squeezed but you can still
Finely chop
we are going to sauté them and also
half a teaspoon of chopped ginger
finely chopped
then we offered ourselves a little bit since
take out and let out all its aroma
taking care that we do not want it since it comes out
all its aroma we are going to put the
apple cider vinegar that are two
tablespoons of apple cider vinegar
this will help us clean
or the pan
and get all that flavor out of your face
meditation
now we put the orange juice that
We have a third cup of juice
orange
we are alright to clean well the
pan with that to take out all the
flavors from there
and we're going to put the rest of the
ingredients that are 3 tablespoons
tureens of sauce capsule
half cup water
we also have a third cup of
brown sugar
one - third cup soy sauce
and this we are going to mix well and on fire
medium we are going to bring it to a boil
low boiling breaks a little in a boil
was making fire and medium we're going to put the
return chicken
how we did not finish cooking in the
nothing else was to seal it to get him out
the taste
but come on let's finish your cooking
in the sauce so boiling to a fire
low leaves me a medium fire but at a
boil low we mix it well and we're going
to leave at least 10 more minutes and
let's check that it's already cooked would be
10 minutes and we already checked if we bring
one of the largest pieces of chicken
to see that it is well cooked is already
well now here is where the
cornstarch we have a quarter cup of
water with a teaspoon of cornstarch
we mix well and this is going to swell
our sauce
we're going to boil it a little bit, we're going to
see but let's live a little bit like
for example about a minute to
the taste or two minutes will be
go the taste of the cornstarch we leave it
two and a half minutes already for me it's fine
thick the sauce if you want to leave
a little more to which species a little more the
salsa is also fine and if you want it
spicy this is optional we are going to
put a teaspoon of chile de árbol
shredded shredded japanese chili
that is to taste if the child because
we do not put it together and mix well
we put out the fire
and our bourbon chicken is ready
we also put what we can put a
little bit of sesame seeds that
they are going very well now we are going to serve
to introduce yourself here we already serve them
we accompanied with white rice we put
a little broccoli just can
accompany with fried rice if you like
and some other vegetable that is of his
preference but believe me I recommend
this subscribe for more videos like
this thanks again and until the next
video